DOCS-11182: Added recommendation (#503)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-applications-on-your-own-servers.adoc

This doc covers deployments on-premises that are deployed both through the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com[cloud based] or the Private Cloud Edition of the Anypoint Platform. Some of the features described in this page are not yet available on the Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition. See xref:deployment-strategies.adoc[Deployment Options] for a clear distinction. If you’re interested in requesting the Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition, please contact your sales representative.

[NOTE]
MuleSoft does not support manually deploying apps if you are managing your on-premises servers with Runtime Manager.

> If you manually deploy applications on your on-premise servers, they aren't visible in Runtime Manager as the applications are not auto-discovered.

Reviewer: I would add something explicitly stating that they are not only not visible, they are not manageable. Like 

```suggestion
If you manually deploy applications on your on-premise servers, they will not be visible in Runtime Manager (as the applications are not auto-discovered), and you will be unable to manage them through the Anypoint Platform.
```

Reviewer: Also, if names collide for an application manually deployed and an application deployed through the management plane, the manually deployed application *may* be removed and replaced with the new application. But this is not an explicit feature, and we do not provide support for hot-swapping manual deployments for managed deployments AFAIK. So, I am unsure if that should be included. As a warning, perhaps? 

cc: @aljrubior

Author: I think we shouldn't even mention hot-swapping and just leave it as "not supported".
